Category	Question
General	Tell me about yourself
Project	What did you do for your project?
General	Tell me about a time you fell behind and had to catch up
General	What was a problem you had that you solved?
Project	Tell me about the projects you worked on during training
General	Do you have any questions for me
General	Why are you interested in joining?
General	Tell me about your experience at Revature in training?
DevOps	Why is DevOps important?
DevOps	Explain some of the DevOps services you have worked with
General	How do you study
General	How would you feel if someone with 10 years of experience told you what to do?;
SQL	Do you have experience with Oracle SQL?
SQL	How many Unions are there?
SQL	If I want to view records from 5 different tbales how will I do that?
SQL	How would I view the total of the Salaries?
SQL	How can I count the total number of Employees?
SQL	Where and how can we use the clause GROUP BY?
SQL	What is the keyword HAVING?
Spring	What is Spring Boot? How do you use it?
Web Services	What is REST API, what are the annotations?
Programming	Write .equals() and hashcode() methods and explain what they do?
Programming	Write pseudocode to calculate the sum of 2 numbers
Spring	What is a Spring Bean?
Java	What is multi-threading and how do you create multi-threading in your app?
Java	How to create your own thread?
Java	What is exception handling and error handling
Java	What collection interface would you choose to restrict duplicates and maintain insertion order?
SQL	Name all of the Joins in SQL
Java	What is Maven and its advantages?
Java	What are the different annotations in Maven?
Project	How did you implement REST in your Project 2 or Project 3. Demonstrate your code in GitHub.
Project	What Spring modules did you use in your projects. Demonstrate this. 
Security	How does authorization work in a full stack app when logging in or out?
Security	How does authorization work?
Web Services	What is Postman? How does it work?
Java	What is the difference between a set and a list?
Spring	How is Spring MVC RESTful?
Angular	What are some Angular directives you are familiar with?
Programming	Write some code that takes a list of integers and prints out the sum using streams.
SQL	How would you modify a constraint on a column in a table?
Spring	Name some spring annotations and what they do?
Git	Name some git commands you have used?
SQL	What is a view?
SQL	Name some SQL commands you use.
Java	What is Comparator and Comparable? Compare and contrast them. 
Java	What were the new features added in Java 11?
Java	Why do we need interfaces if we have abstract classes?
Java	Why does Java have expections? What are its classes and interfaces?
SQL	Write a SQL statement to get a specific zipcode of format 123.. from an Employees and Address table.
Programming	Write a function that defines an array parameter and a sum and finds the first two values that, when added, equal that sum.
Programming	Write code to traverse a linked list.
Programming	Write code to sort an array so its ordered in increasing order by how many times an integer occurs.
OOP	What is inheritance?
OOP	What is Polymorphism?
OOP	What is Overloading?
OOP	What is Overriding?
General	Are you willing to relocate?
General	Are you able to work 12-hour shifts?